Add virtual service for monitoring (#626)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apigateway/04-10-kyma-gateway.md

In a managed SAP BTP, Kyma runtime cluster, Kyma Gateway uses the Gardener Shoot domain. For this domain, an Istio Gateway CR exposes the HTTPS port (`443`) and the HTTP port (`80`) with a redirect to port `443`.  
Additionally, Istio Gateway uses a certificate managed by a [Gardener Certificate CR](https://gardener.cloud/docs/guides/networking/certificate-extension/#using-the-custom-certificate-resource). 
The Gardener [DNSEntry CR](https://gardener.cloud/docs/guides/networking/dns-extension/#creating-a-dnsentry-resource-explicitly) creates a DNS record for the specified domain with the Istio Ingress Gateway Load Balancer Service as the target.

> An Istio Virtual Service exposing the Istio readiness endpoint on `healthz.{GARDENER SHOOT DOMAIN}/healthz/ready` is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, an Istio Virtual Service is created, which exposes the Istio readiness endpoint at `healthz.{GARDENER_SHOOT_DOMAIN}/healthz/ready`.
```

![Kyma Gateway Resources Gardener](../../../assets/kyma-gateway-resources-gardener.svg)

## Open-source Kyma
In an open-source Kyma cluster, Kyma Gateway uses the domain `local.kyma.dev`. For this domain, an Istio Gateway CR exposes the HTTPS port (`443`) and the HTTP port (`80`) with a redirect to port `443`.
Istio Gateway uses a default certificate for the domain `local.kyma.dev` that is valid until July 2030.

> An Istio Virtual Service exposing the Istio readiness endpoint on `healthz.local.kyma.dev/healthz/ready` is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, an Istio Virtual Service is created, which exposes the Istio readiness endpoint at `healthz.local.kyma.dev/healthz/ready`.
```
